.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Something doesn't work correctly in Ryujinx.
#assignees:
---

## Bug Report

[ If any section does not apply, replace its contents with "N/A". ]</br>
[ Lines between [ ] (square brackets) should be removed before posting. ]

### What's the issue you encountered?

[ Describe the issue in detail and what you were doing beforehand. ]</br>
[ Did you make any changes related to Ryujinx itself? ]</br>
[ If so, make sure to include details relating to what exactly you changed. ]

### How can the issue be reproduced?

[ Include a detailed step by step process for recreating your issue. ]

### Log file

[ Logs files can be found under ``Logs`` folder in Ryujinx program folder. ]</br>
[ If you don't include a crash report in instances of crash related issues, we will ask you one to provide one. ]

### Environment?

- Ryujinx version: 1.0.X</br>
[ Replace X's with the Ryujinx version at time of crash. ]
- Game version: X.X.X</br>
[ Replace X's with the game version at time of crash. ]
- System Specs:
  - OS: *(e.g. Windows 10)*
  - CPU: *(e.g. i7-6700)*
  - GPU: *(e.g. NVIDIA RTX 2070)*
  - RAM: *(e.g. 16GB)*
- Applied Mods : [ Yes (Which ones) / No ]

### Additional context?

Additional info about your environment:</br>
[ Any other information relevant to your issue. ]

Commit message:

Update bug report template (#3676)
Adds some verbiage to indicate that game-specific issues should be posted instead on the game compatibility list, unless it is a provable regression.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug Report
about: Something doesn't work correctly in Ryujinx. Note that game-specific issues should be instead posted on the Game Compatibility List at https://github.com/Ryujinx/Ryujinx-Games-List, unless it is a provable regression.
#assignees:
---

## Bug Report

[ If any section does not apply, replace its contents with "N/A". ]</br>
[ Lines between [ ] (square brackets) should be removed before posting. ]

### What's the issue you encountered?

[ Describe the issue in detail and what you were doing beforehand. ]</br>
[ Did you make any changes related to Ryujinx itself? ]</br>
[ If so, make sure to include details relating to what exactly you changed. ]

### How can the issue be reproduced?

[ Include a detailed step by step process for recreating your issue. ]

### Log file

[ Logs files can be found under ``Logs`` folder in Ryujinx program folder. ]</br>
[ If you don't include a crash report in instances of crash related issues, we will ask you one to provide one. ]

### Environment?

- Ryujinx version: 1.0.X</br>
[ Replace X's with the Ryujinx version at time of crash. ]
- Game version: X.X.X</br>
[ Replace X's with the game version at time of crash. ]
- System Specs:
  - OS: *(e.g. Windows 10)*
  - CPU: *(e.g. i7-6700)*
  - GPU: *(e.g. NVIDIA RTX 2070)*
  - RAM: *(e.g. 16GB)*
- Applied Mods : [ Yes (Which ones) / No ]

### Additional context?

Additional info about your environment:</br>
[ Any other information relevant to your issue. ]
